Add MFA explainer (#5721)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-snowflake.md

**Note**: The schema field in the **Developer Credentials** section is a required field.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/snowflake-userpass-auth.png" width="70%" title="Snowflake username/password authentication"/>

### Snowflake MFA

**Prerequisites:**

> - A Deployment or Development environment in a dbt Cloud project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A development environment in a dbt Cloud project
```

- The Duo authentication app

> - Admin access to Snowflake to configure MFA settings for the account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Admin access to Snowflake if MFA  settings have not already been applied to the account
```

Author: Can you remove the deployment environment option? I don't want to say it's not supported (because it is), but MFA should really only be used in development

Apart from that, we're golden!

Reviewer: will get the removed and then merge!

> - Admin access to the environment in dbt Cloud for configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Admin (write) access](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users) to the environments in dbt Cloud
```
